In this lesson we're going to take what we learned and update some content dynamically using javascript
as we get input from the user.
So what we need to do is create a pop up prompt asking for the user's name and then update this div
here with the ID output to have a welcome message and include the users name.
So what I want you to do now pause to open up your editor and try it for yourself.
I'm going to show you the solution.
Coming up so we got the opportunity to try it.
And we saw earlier when we could get so you get the user name and we could utilize prompt.
So this was a build method that's really cool with javascript and what it does is it has this pull up
message and we can put whatever we wanted in there so we can say something like What is your name with
the question mark.
And we know that user name now will capture whatever the user's response was to our question.
So we should be able to pick up the user's name and so the next part of this challenge was actually
to update that output with the brain you use her name and use her information.
So let's do the next step and where you were set up I would put and where you equal that two document's
and use element by NTD grab that output element just place the object for now and then what I'm going
to do next is I'm going to update that are taxed and I'm going to equal up to the username.
So let's try this.
So refresh the page what is your name.
So type in the name.
Hit OK and we see that that it.
Now it's dynamically created.
So we need to just finish up and update the rest of our welcome message.
So this can be just regular stream.
So welcome to my page and we'll comma separated and concatenate it together so refresh and whatever
name or input the user places there.
Now we can see it being generated put within our H-2.
So now what I want you to do as well is to go and try to free yourself up to some of the messages.
Update some of the output information and we are going to be revisiting the dawn in more detail within
a latter part of his course.
But for now take what you've learned in the previous lessons.
Try it for yourself and get familiar with using Dawn and getting the information with your javascript.
And we're going to have a lot more examples coming up.